PR #672 TDD Red→Green evidence — doctor.sh v2 + Tier 1/2 watchdogs
Phase 1 — ai.hermes-watchdog restoration. Green: shim present, syntax OK, last exit code 0. Red was historical exit 127 for 158 runs since May 2026.
Phase 2 — ai.agento.health-guardian Tier 2. Green: script present, all checks green (workers=10). Red: no Tier 2 existed pre-PR; max blindness window = unbounded.
Check 1 — scm config in staging. Red: real production state at ~/.hermes/agent-orchestrator.yaml has 0 scm: — the 2026-06-10 regression. Green: test fixture with 10/10 scm: detected correctly.
Check 2 — skeptic-cron 24h age filter. Red: pre-bd-rgk0 source (ac2207e1e^) had filter at L276 BEFORE per-PR evaluation. Green: post-PR #661 trigger at L97, filter at L226.
Check 3 — GH token not redacted. Red: controlled env export of __OPENCLAW_REDACTED__ sentinel detected. Green: real production ghp_ token.
Check 4 — dist md5 match. Red: corrupted dist copy in /tmp has different md5. Green: source dist md5 matches binary.
Check 5 — running.json present. Red: temporarily renamed running.json — check fails. Green: restored, check passes.
Check 6 — watchdog chain. Red: controlled launchctl bootout of ai.agento.health — check warns missing link. Green: re-bootstrapped, all 3 watchdogs registered.
TDD Red→Green evidence complete — all 6 checks + Tier 1/2 watchdogs demonstrated against real production state.